README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

change README and add preview images

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Newsletter sign-up form with success message solution

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge solution.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Preview Screenshot](#preview-screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

This is a solution to the [Newsletter sign-up form with success message challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/newsletter-signup-form-with-success-message-3FC1AZbNrv). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

### Preview Screenshot

![Preview for the Newsletter sign-up form](./preview/desktop-preview.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [github.com/lucasweidas/newsletter-sign-up](https://github.com/lucasweidas/newsletter-sign-up)
- Live Site URL: [newsletter-sign-up.vercel](https://newsletter-sign-up-vert.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- NextJS 13
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- React Hook Form
- Yup

## Author

- Github - [@lucasweidas](https://github.com/lucasweidas)
- Frontend Mentor - [@lucasweidas](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/lucasweidas)
